Pick out some of my underclothes to model for me. 
Put your mouth to my mouth and do anything BUT kiss. 
Let’s get in the shower, and slowly, sensually wash my hair for me. 
Let me blindfold you and wait patiently. 
Show me the last adult film you watched – no cheating!
Take a look in the pantry for any interesting spreads (peanut butter, honey, chocolate sauce) and lick it off me. 
Model for an intimate my-eyes-only photoshoot. Pick out three props to use as well.
Give me a scalp massage, or braid my long hair. 
Call a phone sex line and let me listen in. 
Give me a kiss on your favorite body part of mine. 
Write a short script for the sexy movie rewrite of our first date/first time meeting.
Dance a striptease to a song of my choosing. 
Play as my servant – get my slippers or a snack from the kitchen and bow deeply when you give them to me. 
Let me play with an ice cube in your belly button. 
Feed me strawberries, a piece of cake, or another treat bite by bite. 
Order some sensual massage oil online right now (think CBD for relaxation, edible oils, or cooling tingling oils). 
Raid our closets and put together a sexy outfit for me to wear. 
Let me pleasure you while you make a phone call. 
Sit right beside me and lean in like we will kiss. Instead, hold and wait. First one to go for the kiss loses. 
Lick a non-obvious body part, and maybe even suck (fingers, toes…).
Eat a strawberry in the most sensual way possible.
Write a dating profile for me and find me a potential match. 
Give me a deep tissue massage for thighs and glutes (warning! This might be quite painful as well as enjoyable, if muscles are tight). 
Show me some old intimate photos of yourself that I’ve never seen.
Let me tie you to the bed and tickle you. 
Give me a long, slow passionate kiss in a public place. 
Help me undress without using your hands 
Show me a toy you are curious about, but also a little nervous to try.
Send me a sexy home video from the bathroom at work. 
Let me watch you touch yourself like no one is watching. 
Call a close friend to talk about our latest adventure in bed and let me listen in.
Find an adult film with some moves you’d like to try and show it to me.
Seductively whisper in my ear the cheesiest, most awful pick up line you can think of.
Impress me with your physical strength. Do as many sit-ups, push-ups, or pulls-ups as you can. Naked. 
Take me for a late night drive, while we are only partially dressed. 
Prepare my favorite meal or snack, and be creative about serving it.
Make love to me with our curtains open. 
Close your eyes and guess which body part I’m of mine about to press up against you.
Call an ex and tell them why I am a better partner. 
Let me drip some melted wax down your back (be sure to use non-toxic candles!)
Let me film us in bed. 
Let me spank you.
Write an explicit letter for me to read later (maybe on the bus or at work?).
I’ll put 5 small hearts somewhere on my body (use stickers or a skin-safe pen). Find them all and give them each a kiss.
Let me wax, shave, or trim some of your body hair. 
Take me to a lingerie boutique. 
Do a pole dance performance.
Give m a sensual foot massage, making sure to give attention to the erogenous zone (according to reflexology, this is the center of the heel). 
Find a karaoke version of your favorite romantic song and perform it for me.
Take me to a tattoo shop and get a small tattoo in my honor. 
Finish a household chore as my topless maid (or bottomless!). 
Count my teeth with your tongue. 
Hide my favorite candy somewhere in your clothes or on your body and let me find it.
Do your sexiest barnyard animal impressions. Moo like a cow, quack like a duck, meow like a cat. 
Close your eyes and open your mouth. 
Pick me up and throw me over your shoulder! (Well, at least carry me to bed)
Tickle my back with a feather, personal massager, or even your tongue.
Undress (I will too) and look into my eyes without touching me at all for 1 minute (or as long as we can). 
Help me fulfill a role play fantasy. Maybe you are my teacher, nurse, or childhood celebrity crush. 
Give me a kiss and pass me some gum or hard candy as you do.
Go to the kitchen and make me the sexiest snack you can think of, Master Chef style. The catch? You only have three minutes, and you’re the plate.
I’ll pick a song and you have to give me a lap dance. Blindfolded.
You can’t say my name for the rest of the game, but instead, have to call me any nickname I choose. Every time you mess up, I get to spank you.
Act out your sexiest fantasy without using your words. Props, however, are highly encouraged.
Go skinny dipping with me. (If you don’t have a private pool, get creative! The bathtub, shower, or a water fight in the kitchen all count.)
Trade clothes with me for the rest of the game. Once you put mine on, blast your fave hype song and show off your new look like a runway model.
Try to literally (li li li) lick yourself from your head to your toes. You only get three “help” spots where I can jump in, so use wisely.
Show me the last porn video you watched.
Watch me touch myself for five minutes. You’re not allowed to touch me or yourself while I do.
Kiss a part of my body you want to cum on.
Take my hand and put it on a party of your body you’d like me to pay more attention to. Guide my hand and show me how you want to be touched.
You have one minute to turn me on using only your feet.
Show me a video (an ~adult~ one, duh) of something you’d like us to try together.
Put on a song you find really sexy and go down on me for the length of it.
Imitate what I sound like when I orgasm.
Blindfold me and write something sexy on my body in lipstick.
Go in the other room and sext me the dirtiest thing you can think of.
Show me how you touch yourself when I’m not around.
Take off your pants and give me your best twerk. Now try it upside down on the wall.
Host a sexy, five-minute yoga class for me with lots of sensual stretching and downward dogging.
Call me from the other room. When it goes to voicemail, leave me an explicit message outlining exactly what you want to do to me.
Demonstrate your best oral sex move on the nearest appropriate object.
Put on "Pony" by Ginuwine, and vacuum seductively for the length of the song.
Turn out the lights and try to turn me on *only* using sounds. You have two minutes and if you fail, you owe me a sexual favor.
Give me a sensual foot massage. The hotter, the better.
Kiss your three favorite body parts of my body.
Put on a timer and act out as many sexual positions as you can with your clothes on.
Pick out three sex toys online you’d want to try with me. I get to pick my favorite one and you have to order it right now.
Take a selfie of your most outrageous "O" face. Now put that as your lock screen, and keep it that way for the next 48 hours. If you change it before time’s up, you owe me dinner.
Give me a detailed, charismatic cooking demonstration of “How to Make Cereal.” The catch: You gotta do it nude.
Set the mood and reenact the most romantic, movie kiss you can think of with me. If you need some inspo, try Titanic, The Notebook, or even Spider-Man. Who knows, things might get so heated you find yourself reenacting some Bridgerton scenes next *wink wink.*
Go find your old Halloween costume and put it on for me. Then, let's decide what to role-play.
Place whipped cream on your favorite parts of my body. Now, lick it off.
Eat a strawberry in the most sensual way possible.
Engage in foreplay with me for five minutes with one rule: You're allowed to kiss me anywhere but my mouth.
Give me a massage anywhere on my body for 10 minutes.
Do something to me right now that you've been fantasizing about.
Find something sweet to swipe across your lips and give me a passionate kiss.
Drag me to the closet for an adult round of seven minutes in heaven. You must keep the making out above the belt.
Stimulate two parts of my body at once. Use your hands on one part and lips on another.
Using your mouth, make your way from my wrist to my ear. Take your time!
In your most sultry voice, tell me what you loved about the last time we had sex.
Hop in the shower with me and wash my body, making sure not to miss any hard spots.
You have ten seconds to excite me just by kissing. Hint: You're not limited to my lips.
Imitate my most flexible sex move.
Make out with me like we used to before we started having sex.
Pole dance with an imaginary pole for the length of an entire song of my choice.
Play me a song you’d like to have sex to.
Using your fingers, find a way to give me goosebumps right now.
Demonstrate a move on me that you saw and liked while watching porn.
Give me a sensual massage. Start at my feet and work your way up.
For the next 60 seconds, touch yourself like you’d like to touch me.
Spell out a short, sultry message on my body…with your tongue.
Pretend I’m a stranger at a bar. Try to pick me up and convince me to come home with you.
I’m going to go into the other room and dab perfume or cologne somewhere on my body. You have to sniff everywhere until you figure out where I put it on.
Pop an ice cube in your mouth and go down on me for 15 seconds.
Put my cell on vibrate, then place it somewhere on my body. Now, call me.
Pour a trail of sugar from the small of my back to my neck. Now, lick it up.
Take off my underwear…with your mouth.
Dip your fingertips in mouthwash and then rub my nipples, so I’ll get an erotic, tingly sensation the moment you touch me.
Pick a spot on my body that isn’t usually considered sexual—elbows, knees, ankles—and lavish it with kisses until I’m turned on.
Fuck me like it’s the first time.