What’s the soonest after meeting someone you’ve slept with them? 
What’s the strangest adult film category you’ve ever searched for? 
Have you ever had sex in a public place? What was the most crowded?
Have you ever been in a threesome with a partner? 
What’s an “imperfection” on my body you find sexy? 
Have you ever used an embarrassing novelty condom (for example, that glows in the dark or has a picture of Darth Vader on it)? 
Have you ever incorporated food in your lovemaking? 
Have you ever accidentally injured yourself trying something new in bed?
Have you ever had sex in costume? If you haven’t before, who or what would you dress up as? 
Have you ever been to a sex club? Would you go if you were invited?
Have you ever touched yourself at work? 
Do you own any toys? What’s your favorite? 
Have you ever had sex outside in nature? 
What about my body first turned you on? 
What’s one thing your ideal partner knows how to do in bed? 
Did you ever fantasize about me in your bed? Tell me about it. 
What’s something most people consider a turn-off, but that turns you on?
What’s the strangest sexy dream you’ve ever had? 
How often do you think couples should have sex to keep the relationship strong?
Who is the most surprising person you’ve ever had sex with (maybe someone much older or not your usual type)? 
What was our best kiss like? 
Have you ever been a sugar daddy/mommy? How about a sugar baby?
Which one of my friends would you like to have a fling with? 
Did you ever ghost someone because you embarrassed yourself in bed?
Did you ever get any noise complaints while between the sheets? 
How often do you touch yourself if you don’t have a partner? If you do have a partner?
Have you ever had a one night stand? 
What is the hottest thing someone has ever done with you in bed? 
What’s something that turns you on, but you’re a bit embarrassed by?
Have you ever had a fling with a coworker? A boss? 
What’s something about me, besides my body, that turns you on every time?
Who’s the most inappropriate person you’ve ever had a fantasy about?
Have you ever run into an ex while out with your new partner? 
What’s the sexiest gift you’ve ever received? Given? 
If you could only have one romantic night every year, what would you do?
If you walked in on me watching a sexy movie, what would you do?
When was the last time you pleasured yourself? 
Do you prefer being dominant or submissive? 
What’s an embarrassing way you tried to impress someone you were interested in?
Have you ever forgotten the name of someone you had a fling with? Never known their name at all? 
Do you believe in soulmates? Or do people have many potential partners?
Have you ever been to a strip or burlesque club? 
Do you think most people are monogamous? 
Have you ever been in a threesome with two strangers? 
Have you ever written a love letter? 
What was your first kiss like? 
Have you ever had an affair? 
What would you do if I had an affair with someone you were attracted to?
Have you ever been caught making love? 
Are you a good wingman? Are any of your friends with their partner because of you?
Do you think it’s true that “opposites attract?” 
Have you ever dated someone after a one night stand? 
Do you prefer tongue or fingers? 
What’s your favorite position in bed? Out of bed? 
What’s the weirdest thing a partner has ever wanted to do in bed? 
Have you ever been handcuffed or tied up? 
Would you ever consider starring in an adult webcam show?
Have you ever had a relationship you kept secret? Why? 
What kind of energy do you like when you make love? Fast and rough, hot and passionate, gentle and sentimental? 
Have you ever accidentally sent sexy pictures to the wrong person?
Have you ever accidentally sent a sext to the wrong person?
How do you feel about shower sex? Love it, hate it, or super neutral?
What's the sexiest song you've ever heard? What about it turns you on?
What's the most amount of times you've orgasmed in a day?
If we opened up our relationship, who would be the first person you’d want to have sex with?
Who would be in your dream orgy?
What do you remember most about the first time you ever had sex?
Who is the weirdest person you’ve had a sex dream about?
If you could have sex with one person from your past again, who would it be?
Would you ever want to watch me have sex with someone else?
What’s one sex toy you want me to try on you?
What’s a fantasy you’ve never told me about?
What memory from our sex life turns you on the most?
What would be your dream role-play scenario?
If you could hook up with one of my friends, who would it be?
What do you think I’m best at in bed?
Have you ever gotten turned on at work (or while WFH)? What did you do about it?
Have you ever hooked up with a stranger or had a one-night stand?
Do you prefer using your tongue or fingers on me? Which do you like me to use on you?
How do you feel about swinging or partner swapping? Does the idea turn you on?
What's something I do that isn't sexual but turns you on?
Would you ever want to go to a sex club with me?
Where is the strangest place you’ve ever masturbated?
What’s #1 on your sexual bucket list right now?
Have you ever been caught having sex?
Have you ever accidentally walked in on anyone getting it on?
Do you ever watch porn? Tell me what type you usually gravitate toward.
What’s the kinkiest thought you’ve ever had about me?
What’s a sex act most people like that you think is overrated?
What sexual activity (or activities) do you think is underrated?
Have you ever fantasized about a teacher or authority figure? Who was it and why?
Do you know the last name of everyone you’ve had sex with? What about first?
What is your favorite body part for me to suck on?
Would you prefer to dominate me in bed or do you want me to dominate you in bed?
Do you like being nibbled on or lightly bitten? Where?
What's your favorite sex toy to use on me?
What's the kinkiest thing you've ever done?
What’s the hottest sex dream you’ve ever had?
Tell me one thing I could do that would make you immediately orgasm.
Which is your favorite kind of sex: soft, slow, and sweet or aggressive, fast, and feisty?
If I gave you a free pass to hook up with one celebrity, who would it be and why?
What item of clothing do you think I look sexiest in?
Describe my in-bed personality in three words.
If I were handcuffed to the bed, what would you do to me?
If you were to create an original sex move, what would you call it?
What's something dirty you've always been too shy to say to me in bed?
If we could only have sex in one position for a month, what position would you pick?
Is there something you've seen in a steamy movie that you'd like to try?
What sex move of mine is your favorite? Give me all the dirty details about why you like it.
What kind of foreplay would you like to try the next time we are in bed?
Where do you think our most romantic kiss took place? Tell me everything you remember about it.
When I am on top of you, what's your favorite part of me to watch?
How often do you masturbate? How often is it about me?
If you could go back and change anything about the first time we had sex, what would it be and why?
What’s your favorite text I’ve sent you when we’ve been sexting?
What is your least favorite sex position and why?
How do you feel about threesomes? Have you ever had one, and if not, would you ever have one?
What do you think the sexiest part of my body is?
What do you think the sexiest part of your body is?
Have you ever fantasized about anything sexual with someone of your same sex?
What’s the wildest place you’ve ever had sex?
What were you thinking when you first saw me naked?
Fuck, Marry, Kill: Missionary, doggy, and oral sex.